{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green77\blue120;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c12157\c30196\c47059;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs32 \cf2 CENG431 \'96 Building Software Systems\
Homework 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 In this homework, you are expected to implement an application called \'93Realtime Weather\'94\
with a GUI. You should fulfill the following concepts:\
\'95 SOLID Principles\
\'95 GRASP\
\'95 MVC Design Patterns\
\'95 Java Swing\
\'95 Observer Design Pattern\
The users of this platform will be individuals interested in viewing real-time weather\
information for different cities and historical weather statistics. The GUI of the Realtime\
Weather allows users to:\
\'95 View a list of available cities.\
\'95 Select a date and a city to see the weather information on that date.\
\'95 Choose their preferred unit for displaying temperature. This should include Celsius (\'b0C)\
and Fahrenheit (\'b0F) options. The application should consistently display temperatures\
in the user's selected unit.\
\'95 Maintain a persistent list of "tracked cities" (e.g., \uc0\u304 zmir and Antalya). These cities will\
be automatically displayed with their current weather information each time the\
application is launched, without requiring repeated selection.\
\'95 Select specific cities to view their current, real-time weather information on demand.\
This is a one-time view of the current conditions for the chosen cities.\
\'95 Display the following statistical information calculated from the historical data (January\
1, 2025, to May 31, 2025)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 o 
\f0 The city with the highest average temperature over the 5 months.\

\f1 o 
\f0 The city with the lowest average temperature over the 5 months.\

\f1 o 
\f0 The city with the lowest temperature in January 2025.\

\f1 o 
\f0 The city with the highest average humidity in May 2025.\

\f1 o 
\f0 The city with the highest average wind speed in April 2025.\
For this homework, you will be given a weather_data.csv file containing daily weather\
information for several cities from January 1, 2025, to May 31, 2025. Note that the\
temperature information in the given file is in Celsius units. The formula to convert Celsius\
(\'b0C) to Fahrenheit (\'b0F) is:\'b0F = (\'b0C \'d7 9/5) + 32\
\
Please implement your project by following SOLID and GRASP principles and increasing\
its reusability.\
NOTE: Please try your best to make your software user-friendly and make sure it is expressive\
enough to the user.\
Usability Testing: If you have enough time, you can create a checklist of every functionality\
that your software has and ask your friends to perform each functionality without giving them\
any hint. If your friends succeed in every functionality, then your software\'92s usability is quite\
high}